Virtual Patient Conversation Stores
Background.
Two examples of buckets/sentences:
Bucket 0:
Bucket name: if I eat cake Questions:
Do you eat cake?
Did you eat cake?
Have you eaten cake?
Do you ever eat cake?
Are you a cake-eater?
Is cake something that you eat?
Bucket 1:
Bucket name: what my health history is Questions:
What is your health history?
Tell me about your health history.
What do you know of your health history?
What can you tell me about your health history? What is your health history like?
What health problems do you have?
What are your health issues?
In order to constantly grow our digital patients, we add new questions into the buckets.

Task
Write a web app using either RoR (Ruby on Rails) or .Net that enables us to “match” new Questions into appropriate Buckets.
Given
The above example’s Buckets and Questions.
A set of Questions that are un-matched (not currently in any Bucket).
Requirements
● Database stores objects of type Question and Bucket. Questions can be matched, un-matched, or not-matchable.
● Question Matching view
○ The user should be able to copy and paste a set of newline delimited “un-matched”
Questions into a text area.
■ The pasted “un-matched” Questions should be validated against the existing
Buckets’ Questions; i.e. do not accept an “un-matched” Question if it is already
matched into an existing Bucket.
■ Validated un-matched Questions should be retained in the database
automatically, and retrieved into the un-matched Question view on subsequent
loads.
○ The user should view un-matched Questions in a list.
○ The user should view a list of existing Buckets and the Questions contained within.
○ The user should be able to search Buckets’ Bucket name, in order to filter the view of
existing Buckets.
○ The user should be able to select one or more “un-matched” Questions and match them
into one selected Bucket by clicking a button or drag-drop.
○ The user should be able to move one or more selected “un-matched” Questions into an
“Not-Matchable Questions” list by clicking a button or drag-drop.
○ The user should be able to move one or more selected “non-matchable” Questions into
the “un-matched” list by clicking a button or drag-drop.
● Exporting a serialized object
○ The user should be able to click a “Publish” button to export (to disk is fine) an XML serialized set of Buckets (all Buckets in the database).
